com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Inliner/FooWithStaticsTest.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Inliner.FooWithStaticsTest
com/shshetudev/unittest/Overview/VerifyInteractionTest.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Overview.VerifyInteractionTest
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Verify/MockitoVerifyNoMoreInteractions.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Verify.MockitoVerifyNoMoreInteractions
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Mock/MockitoMockMethodExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Mock.MockitoMockMethodExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Verify/MockitoVerifyOnlyOneMethodCall.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Verify.MockitoVerifyOnlyOneMethodCall
com/shshetudev/unittest/Overview/MockitoSpyTest.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Overview.MockitoSpyTest
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Mock/MockitoSpyAnnotationExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Mock.MockitoSpyAnnotationExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Verify/MockitoVerifyNumberOfTimes.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Verify.MockitoVerifyNumberOfTimes
com/shshetudev/unittest/Overview/CalcService2Test.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Overview.CalcService2Test
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Mock/MockitoSpyMethodExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Mock.MockitoSpyMethodExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Verify/MockitoVerifyZeroInteractions.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Verify.MockitoVerifyZeroInteractions
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Verify/MockitoVerifySimpleExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Verify.MockitoVerifySimpleExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Overview/CalcService1Test.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Overview.CalcService1Test
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Mock/MockitoMockAnnotationExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Mock.MockitoMockAnnotationExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Overview/MockitoSingleElementTest.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Overview.MockitoSingleElementTest
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Mock_Void_Method/JUnitMockitoMockVoidMethodExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Mock_Void_Method.JUnitMockitoMockVoidMethodExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Mock_Static_Method/PowerMockitoStaticExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Mock_Static_Method.PowerMockitoStaticExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Mock/MockitoInjectMockAnnotationExample.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Mock.MockitoInjectMockAnnotationExample
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_Verify/MockitoVerifyOrderOfInvocation.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_Verify.MockitoVerifyOrderOfInvocation
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_mock_final_class_and_methods/MockingFinalClassTest.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_mock_final_class_and_methods.MockingFinalClassTest
com/shshetudev/unittest/Mockito_mock_final_class_and_methods/MockingFinalMethod.java
 com.shshetudev.unittest.Mockito_mock_final_class_and_methods.MockingFinalMethod
